The alarm blared loudly. Bob snoozed it for the 10th time that morning. He knew he had a class in 15 minutes but he just didn't have the energy to get himself out of bed. He was up until 2 am the night before, working on CS project. The project was much harder than he expected, and it did not help that he waited until a day before the deadline to work on it. The alarm screamed again. Bob finally pulled himself out of the bed. He dragged his feet to the bathroom and freshened up for his Zoom class. The class required that he had to turn on his video. As he got ready, he scrolled through all the throwback pictures on Instagram, wishing it was still summer. He quickly made himself a bowl of cereal and turned on his laptop. He went to the Zoom link for his Math class, and his professor had already started writing information on the screen. He took a bite of his cereal and glanced at the screen only to realize that his Math exam was in 2 hours. His professor was doing a review session in class!

Bob quickly snapped out of his daydream-like state and scrambled to pay attention to the review session that was currently going on. In his head he started panicking, trying to retain all of the information that the professor was spewing at him. "When did we even learn all of this stuff?? I swear the professors pull out all of this stuff at the last minute", Bob thinks (which is quite hypocritical given that he didn't even know about his exam till 2 hours before). During the lecture he sees that a bunch of students are asking about the exam content which gives him some sense of comfort - that they are all in the same boat as him. Once the review session is over, Bob looks over at the Canvas page to see what is on the exam, to try to get some clarity. He writest and down everything that he needs to review (which thankfully isn't too much given the time left till the exam), and he starts his impromptu study session. 

During the impromptu study session, Bob starts strong, for the first 15 minutes he studies long and hard. But suddenly, he is distracted by his phone. 45 minutes go by and it is already time to take the test. Bob feels nervous, but more confident than before. He opens canvas and honorlock and begins his exam. Bob gets through all the questions in 30 minutes out of the 1 hour exam. He presses submit and recieves his score, an 80. Bob just made it through with a B, and was happy as he could be.

However, on the midnight of the day when bob received his grade. He randomly check the average grade for his test on Canvas. He surprisingly found out that 80 is not even above avergae grade line.He suddenly regret for the phone playing during study session which could have earned him more points. After advicing He install an app call "Forest" which can lock his phone for a period of time and force him concentrate on his work and study. With the help of that app. Bob successfully get a higher score for his next exam.
